README.md: cleanup non-existent directories (#1)
TrenchBoot/test-results: test-cases/test-cases.md

> # Test cases

Author: @m-iwanicki let's add reference to the Cukinia test code

Reviewer: Added in [dae787a](https://github.com/TrenchBoot/test-results/pull/1/commits/dae787af8aeb762353cfddc14e22674029c25e41).
Added link with exact commit, after it's merged to master I could change it to always point to newest version on master.

# Test cases

Some of the test cases below are implemented in
[cukinia](https://github.com/3mdeb/meta-trenchboot/blob/8b4812d8577c57b2ee9d1b6bf6898b84bb863fe5/recipes-tests/trenchboot-tests/trenchboot-tests/cukinia.conf).
Currently, those are tests 5 through 18.

1. UEFI boot works - TrenchBoot boots into OS
2. Legacy boot works - TrenchBoot boots into OS
3. Normal boot (`boot` menuentry) works - TrenchBoot boots into OS

> 4. SKL boot (`skl-boot` menuentry) works - TrenchBoot boots into OS

Reviewer 2: This probably also needs change in grub.cfg:

```suggestion
4. Slaunch boot (`slaunch-boot` menuentry) works - TrenchBoot boots into OS
```

SKL is AMD only, but it should work botn on AMD and Intel.

Reviewer: fixed in 52c44ea2724ca1dccd8538032cc9232c0fd569d7. Also changed in grub.cfg

5. `/boot/grub/grub.cfg` exists
6. `/boot/EFI/BOOT/grub.cfg` exists
7. `/boot/grub/grub.cfg` and `/boot/EFI/BOOT/grub.cfg` are the same
8. `grub.cfg` contains slaunch
9. Intel ACMs are available at `/boot/acm` and they are used in `grub.cfg` -
`grub.cfg` contains line with `/acm/<acm_filename>`
    - ADL_SINIT*.bin
    - BDW_SINIT*.bin
    - CFL_SINIT*.bin
    - CMLSTGP_SINIT*.bin
    - CML_RKL_S_SINIT*.bin
    - CML_S_SINIT*.bin
    - RKLS_SINIT*.bin
    - SKL_KBL_AML_SINIT*.bin
    - SNB_IVB_SINIT*.bin
    - TGL_SINIT*.bin
10. `skl.bin` exists at `/boot/skl.bin`
11. `grub.cfg` contains `/skl.bin` line
12. `tpm2_tools` is installed - check if `tpm2_tools` package is installed
13. `rsync` is installed - check if `rsync` is installed
14. There is at least one active PCR bank - check if there is at least one
directory: `/sys/class/tpm/tpm0/pcr-sha*`
15. PCRs 0 to 23 can be read from `/sys/class/tpm/tpm0/pcr-sha*`

> 16. When SKL booting - PCR 17 & 18 shouldn't contain only `0`s or only `F`s

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
16. When booting with slaunch - PCR 17 & 18 shouldn't contain only `0`s or only `F`s
```

Reviewer: fixed in 52c44ea2724ca1dccd8538032cc9232c0fd569d7
